I think first you need an overview of the language.
A lot of students dig in and want to know everything about some little detail.
But the point is, they can't understand it until they
have a broader view of the language.
As people go in and they see, oh, pointers.
Great, I want to know everything about pointers,
and why would you want to do that?
They should be work together with classes and other data types,
and how do you do a traversal or a container and such.
You shouldn't obsess about one little thing,
or they go in and they say, well,
there's 32 different basic arithmetic types.
It's probably right. I can't remember.
I mean, that's just the sew of little type or rules for conversion.
Most of the time, I don't use all of those types,
and most of the time, I don't have to think about those things.
So instead of digging into the little details,
pointers, how to do a class, hierarchy,
things like that, get an overview.